Some refinement on Ways of Working (#3)
FikaWorks/dna: _docs/index.md

adjusted it to our needs.

[theCloudNatives](https://thecloudnatives) is an independent collective of
cloud native consultants based in the Netherlands. 

- Consultants are 100% autonomous. None of the consultants are actually employed by {{ site.company_name }}
- We have no managers, or a CEO. Instead we rely on self-organization

> - theCloudNatives doesn't want to earn money from it's consultants. It is in theCloudNatives main purpose is have a strong and diverse group of people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FikaWorks doesn't want to earn money from it's consultants. It is in FikaWorks main purpose is have a strong and diverse group of people.
```

> - We target projects that require at least 2 persons from the collective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We target projects that require at least 2 members of the collective.
```

- Every project we take will benefit from the support and knowledge base of the entire collective.
- Almost everything is bottom-up, and [anyone can drive any decision](decisions.html).

> - Consultants keep revenue and delighted customers are a side effect, not a goal. They don't hurt the brand or [our house](what-is-thecloudnatives.html), and work as much or as little as they want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consultants keep revenue and delighted customers are a side effect, not a goal. They don't hurt the brand or [our house](what-is-fikaworks.html), and work as much or as little as they want.
```
